readme.md, before:

Quafzi ConfirmMassactions Extension
=====================
Add confirmation dialogs to some important adminhtml grid massactions like &#039;cancel_orders&#039;

Facts
-----
- version: 1.0.0
- composer package name: quafzi/magento-confirm-massactions
- [extension on GitHub](https://github.com/quafzi/magento-confirm-massactions)

Description
-----------
There are lots of massactions performing actions without further confirmation -
and this is true for cancellation and deletion actions as well.

This extension adds a confirmation dialog to cancellation and deletion
massactions, if there is none, yet.

Requirements
------------
- PHP >= 5.2.0
- Mage_Core

Compatibility
-------------
- Magento >= 1.4

Installation Instructions
-------------------------
1. Install the extension via [Composer](http://getcomposer.org) or unpack the contents of ``src`` directory into your document root.
2. Clear the cache.

Uninstallation
--------------
Remove all extension files from your Magento installation

Support
-------
If you have any issues with this extension, open an issue on
[GitHub](https://github.com/quafzi/magento-confirm-massactions/issues).

Contribution
------------
Any contribution is highly appreciated. The best way to contribute code is to open a [pull request on GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests).

Developer
---------

Thomas Birke <tbirke@netextreme.de>
[@quafzi](https://twitter.com/quafzi)

Licence
-------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © 2014 Thomas Birke

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Copyright
---------
© 2014 Thomas Birke

Commit message:

Update docs due to new configuration options and increase version number

readme.md, after:

Quafzi ConfirmMassactions Extension
=====================
Add confirmation dialogs to some important adminhtml grid massactions like &#039;cancel_orders&#039;

Facts
-----
- version: 1.0.0
- composer package name: quafzi/magento-confirm-massactions
- [extension on GitHub](https://github.com/quafzi/magento-confirm-massactions)

Description
-----------
There are lots of massactions performing actions without further confirmation -
and this is true for cancellation and deletion actions as well.

This extension adds a confirmation dialog to cancellation and deletion
massactions, if there is none, yet.

Requirements
------------
- PHP >= 5.2.0
- Mage_Core

Compatibility
-------------
- Magento >= 1.4

Installation Instructions
-------------------------
1. Install the extension via [Composer](http://getcomposer.org) or unpack the contents of ``src`` directory into your document root.
2. Clear the cache.

Configuration
-------------

By default, confirmation is requested for massactions containing strings like
"cancel" and "delete", which is matched to the option values of the grid's
massaction dropdown select box.

If you need to add some more confirmation requests, go to System → Configuration → Admin → "Massaction Confirmation Options" and
add massactions as you want.

Uninstallation
--------------
Remove all extension files from your Magento installation

Support
-------
If you have any issues with this extension, open an issue on
[GitHub](https://github.com/quafzi/magento-confirm-massactions/issues).

Contribution
------------
Any contribution is highly appreciated. The best way to contribute code is to open a [pull request on GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests).

Developer
---------

Thomas Birke <tbirke@netextreme.de>
[@quafzi](https://twitter.com/quafzi)

Licence
-------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © 2014 Thomas Birke

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Copyright
---------
© 2014 Thomas Birke
